0.0.5- Updated to .16
0.0.6 - fixed a missing pycoal mineral water recipe that was overrode by angels mineral water recipe
0.0.7 - adjusted starting equipment for aai-industry
0.0.8 - added icon_size to all recipes to fix an error
0.0.9 - Fixed an issue with a number of angels mk 1 building still using bobs circuit in their recipes instead of the new pcb substrate from pyhightech
0.0.10 - merged a number of duplicate items and fixed a few recipes in angels mods that would deadend into old bobs items. i.e paper to wooden boards, glass-fibers to fiberglass boards
0.0.11 - Fixed issues with fiberboard having double glass when only pycoal was active with bobs electronics. fixed borax mine was still using the pycoal syngas. started internal reorganization to fix issues caused by only have some bobs mods active
0.0.12 - small update to fix a misspelling in the check for bob electronics that was disallowing several overrides on recipes that output bobs old boards
0.0.13 - fixed issue with nitro-benzene recipe wasn't unlock-able. start compatibility process on madclowns mods. phosphorus ore and phosphoric-acid have been merged
0.0.14 - fixed that madclown and pyhightech had a duplicate recipe name and disabled the recipe needed to make phosphine gas
0.0.15 - fixed phosphate mine was still using pymods syngas. merged clay, sodium chlorate, epichlorohydrin gas, acetic acid. coded in a function to adjust bobs and pymods to use more sulfuric acid do to angel sulfuric acid re-balance. made a setting to disable sulfuric acid re-balance from ingame mod setting menu. added settings for infinite borax and niobium. added infinite borax and niobium. only infinite borax is spawning right now. added borax to angels refining. added niobium to angels refining- bugged and isnt activating like it should, will be fixed soon
0.0.16 - fixed issues with infinite niobium not spawning. fixed infinite borax and infinite niobium on/off setting wasn't working. created toggle for infinite molybdenum ore and moved all 3 ore refining opens to appear even if infinite ore disabled. hopefully fixed bug with borax.png 
0.0.17 - fixed missing check for optional bio processing. started work on a productivity modifier for spacex. add compatibility for Bio Industries (merged fertilizer and ash). added compatibility for omnimatter (merged pymods ores into omni ore).
0.0.18 - temp disabled normal/expensive ingredient item replace code as it breaks with aaii active. only handled one time right now anyway. manually input item swap.
0.0.19 - fixed issues with sometimes bobs module didnt get switched over to pyhightech components. fixed issue with pyscience still using electrum plate. fixed error with checks with bio industries trying to merge fertilizer with py-fertilizer when pyhightech wasn't enabled.